docs: (readme) touch up section referencing lab (#586)
profclems/glab: README.md

## What about [Lab](https://github.com/zaquestion/lab)?

> Both `glab` and [lab] are open-source tools with the same goal of bringing GitLab to your command line and simplifying the developer workflower. In many ways `lab` is to [hub], what `glab` is to [gh].

Reviewer: Here is a little suggestion to fix a typo
```suggestion
Both `glab` and [lab] are open-source tools with the same goal of bringing GitLab to your command line and simplifying the developer workflow. In many ways `lab` is to [hub], while `glab` is to [gh].
```
